Updated design documentation (#15)
oVirt/ovirt-design: admin-ui/patternfly4/masthead-and-vertical-navigation.md

### Masthead and Vertical Navigation
The PatternFly 4 designs for the masthead and vertical navigation feature an updated visual design based off of PatternFly 4 components. 
![masthead-and-vertical-navigation-1](img/masthead-and-vertical-navigation-1.png)
If the user clicks on the hamburger menu, the vertical navigation can be fully collapsed or expanded.   
![masthead-and-vertical-navigation-2](img/masthead-and-vertical-navigation-2.png)
To expand a section the user can click on the caret and the sub menu items appear below the expanded caret.  
![masthead-and-vertical-navigation-3](img/masthead-and-vertical-navigation-3.png)
The user can have multiple sub menus expanded at the same time. 
![masthead-and-vertical-navigation-4](img/masthead-and-vertical-navigation-4.png)
If a user selects a menu item, the item and the sub menu section become highlighted. The content area reflects the menu selection as well.    
![masthead-and-vertical-navigation-5](img/masthead-and-vertical-navigation-5.png)

> To view the full PatternFly4 masthead and vertical navigation design documentation you can view it and comment on it here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19-70hjizz6QFVORhVQbA986jyl9T8NRvi-kQCZEDTiM/edit?usp=sharing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the full PatternFly 4 masthead and vertical navigation design documentation you can view it and comment on it here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19-70hjizz6QFVORhVQbA986jyl9T8NRvi-kQCZEDTiM/edit?usp=sharing
```

> To view the full PatternFly4 masthead and vertical navigation design documentation you can view it and comment on it here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19-70hjizz6QFVORhVQbA986jyl9T8NRvi-kQCZEDTiM/edit?usp=sharing

Reviewer: Is this doc internal? If so, it might not be worth calling it out since this is an upstream repo.
